You see it.
Obviously he is pestering me
But if you can really cure Young Master Wang's illness
I don't mind throwing the name of providence to you
The emperor gave me trouble
He is a treasure
It's a deal.
Cousin, your illness is cured.
I'm fine, I'm really fine.
What did he do?
How did it get better so fast?
Could it be that the two siblings teamed up to lie to me?
Were you really sick before?
Miss Jiang
willing to admit defeat
You won't deny it, will you?
Your Highness, do you want him to face the future?
Set the name of the princess
To ruin your reputation?
No matter what the princess does
The king will support him
He wants to give him that name, but
It was fine before
Now it's poisoned
That's it too.
Is it a human life?
And the princess of Wanliang
Wang Gongzi's illness is better but more serious
Jiang Wanyu, you don't have to talk nonsense
Grab a pill according to this prescription
Your son has been poisoned
I'm saving his life